Initial release of the refine UI (#2494)
rathena/rathena: npc/re/merchants/shadow_refiner.txt

//= 1.0 First version [Aleos]
//= 1.1 Removed re-roll behavior and fetch materials from db
//=     [Secret]
//= 1.2 Added Refine UI [Atemo, Lemongrass]
//============================================================
-	script	::ShadowBlacksmith	-1,{
	if( getbattleflag( "feature.refineui" ) ){
		mes "[Shadow Blacksmith]";

> 		mes "Now Basta is in charge of refinement for shadow item as well.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "Now Basta is in charge of refinement for shadow items.";
```

> 		mes "If you'd like to refine shadow item, please visit him.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "If you'd like to refine a shadow item, please visit him.";
```
